README.md, before:

# TagTrain Bot

A reddit bot for dealing with the fact that reddit only allows you to mention 3 users per post.  Any more than that
and NOBODY won't get the notification about being mentioned.

## How does it work

1. Redditor creates a Group and adds redditors as Members `u/TagTrain add internetmallcop to reddit-mods`
1. Owner adds as many others as they want `u/TagTrain add kethryvis to reddit-mods`
1. etc `u/TagTrain add Chtorrr to reddit-mods`
1. etc `u/TagTrain add toasties to reddit-mods`
1. etc `u/TagTrain add br0000d to reddit-mods`
1. etc `u/TagTrain add MyNameIzKhan to reddit-mods`
1. etc `u/TagTrain add bigapplered to reddit-mods`
1. And then, should they need to mention all those users at once, `u/TagTrain use reddit-mods` and the bot will create, in this case, 3 Messages.

## Why?

A redditor on `r/TheAdventureZone/` was posting write ups of their "Retrospective Relistens" to all the past episodes.
People wanted to be mentioned so they didn't miss a bit.  Unfortunately, the "tag train" become a little unweildy for a
person to manage manually.  I thought the idea was neat and offered up solution.


## TODO
- [ ] Finish tests
- [ ] a way for others to add/remove from another person's Group (security issue? DDOS issue?)
- [ ] multiple commands to the bot in a single message

Commit message:

total revamp
- Bot Commands moved to a plugin-style setup.  Allows adding new commands
easily.

- TagTrain slimmed down to the things that need state

- Data broken up based on needs

- "me" commands: for people managing themselves on OTHERS Groups

- clear/rename commands

- 100% test coverage on data and commands

README.md, after:

# TagTrain Bot

A reddit bot for dealing with the fact that reddit only allows you to mention 3 users per post.  Any more than that
and NOBODY won't get the notification about being mentioned.

## How does it work

1. Redditor creates a Group and adds redditors as Members `u/TagTrain add internetmallcop to reddit-mods`
1. Owner adds as many others as they want `u/TagTrain add kethryvis to reddit-mods`
1. etc `u/TagTrain add Chtorrr to reddit-mods`
1. etc `u/TagTrain add toasties to reddit-mods`
1. etc `u/TagTrain add br0000d to reddit-mods`
1. etc `u/TagTrain add MyNameIzKhan to reddit-mods`
1. etc `u/TagTrain add bigapplered to reddit-mods`
1. And then, should they need to mention all those users at once, `u/TagTrain use reddit-mods` and the bot will create, in this case, 3 Messages.

## Why?

A redditor on `r/TheAdventureZone/` was posting write ups of their "Retrospective Relistens" to all the past episodes.
People wanted to be mentioned so they didn't miss a bit.  Unfortunately, the "tag train" become a little unweildy for a
person to manage manually.  I thought the idea was neat and offered up solution.


## TODO
- [ ] Finish tests
- [ ] Blacklisting in both directions (a person disallows themself from being added to any list, a person prevents another from adding themselves to any of their lists)
- [ ] List locking (prevent others from adding themselves)
- [ ] More configurability around bot name.  Right now, help text is hard coded with `u/TagTrain`
